1、[trait]
					female_name=_"female^resilient"
					help_text=_"<italic>text='Resilient'</italic> units have an additional 4 hitpoints, and gain 1 more per level." +
						_"

Resilient units can be useful at all stages of a campaign, and this is a useful trait for all units. Resilient is often most helpful as a trait when it occurs in a unit that has some combination of low hitpoints, good defense, or high resistances. Resilient units are especially useful for holding strategic positions against opponents."
					id="resilient"
					male_name=_"resilient"
					[effect]
						apply_to="hitpoints"
						increase_total=4
					[/effect]
					[effect]
						apply_to="hitpoints"
						increase_total=1
						times="per level"
					[/effect]
				[/trait]
				[trait]
					female_name=_"female^quick"
					help_text=_"<italic>text='Quick'</italic> units have 1 extra movement point, but 5% less hitpoints than usual." +
						_"

Quick is the most noticeable trait, particularly in slower moving units such as trolls or heavy infantry. Units with the quick trait often have greatly increased mobility in rough terrain, which can be important to consider when deploying your forces. Also, quick units aren’t quite as tough as units without this trait and are subsequently less good at holding contested positions."
					id="quick"
					male_name=_"quick"
					[effect]
						apply_to="movement"
						increase=1
					[/effect]
					[effect]
						apply_to="hitpoints"
						increase_total="-5%"
					[/effect]
				[/trait]



                [trait]
					description=_"Zero upkeep"
					female_name=_"female^loyal"
					help_text=_"<italic>text='Loyal'</italic> units don’t incur upkeep. Most units incur an upkeep cost at the end of every turn, which is equal to their level. Loyal units do not incur this cost." +
						_"

During campaigns, certain units may opt to join the player’s forces of their own volition. These units are marked with the loyal trait. Although they may require payment to be recalled, they never incur any upkeep costs. This can make them invaluable during a long campaign, when gold is in short supply. This trait is never given to recruited units, so it may be unwise to dismiss such units or to send them to a foolish death."
					id="loyal"
					male_name=_"loyal"
					[effect]
						apply_to="loyal"
					[/effect]
				[/trait]



                [trait]
					female_name=_"female^intelligent"
					help_text=_"Intelligent units require 20% less experience than usual to advance." +
						_"

<italic>text='Intelligent'</italic> units are very useful at the beginning of a campaign as they can advance to higher levels more quickly. Later in campaigns Intelligent is not quite as useful because the <italic>text='After Maximum Level Advancement'</italic> (AMLA) is not as significant a change as advancing a level. If you have many ‘maximum level’ units you may wish to recall units with more desirable traits."
					id="intelligent"
					male_name=_"intelligent"
					[effect]
						apply_to="max_experience"
						increase="-20%"
					[/effect]
				[/trait]